alright we are talking about the only
vegan options near or around conveying
train station only vegan options you get
the Vista there this is the imposing
edifice the front can make change
station and this over here is one of the
few traditional foods I think of this as
an ethnic minority traditional food as
die to or northern Lao lengths of bamboo
chopped up with rice inside the rice is
steamed and cooked inside the bamboo
sometimes they make that with a little
bit of coconut something else to spice
it up but it's pretty much always vegan
and you should recognize by now the
words for dojang
haha liberty haha she's yeah ha with the
dojang they just made that up for me
whoo and that's about it people
everything else is going to be chopped
up piece of dead end